ref(crons): Document latest functionality for editing checkin status (#6119)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/crons/getting-started.mdx

: **Required.** The status of your job execution and whether it was completed successfully or unsuccessfully. The values accepted are `in_progress`, `ok` or `error`.

`checkin_id`:

: **Required.** The check-in id to use when updating a check-in to mark the completion or failure of a scheduled job. You can also supply "`latest`" for this parameter in order to retrieve the most recent check-in, more info [here](/api/crons/update-a-checkin/)

`duration`:

: **Optional.** The runtime of the job in milliseconds. If this value is not provided, a duration will be automatically calculated based on the amount of time elapsed from check-in creation to updating a check-in as successful or failed.

> More API docs can be found [here](/api/crons/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More API docs can be found in [the API documentation](/api/crons/).
```

Reviewer: try to avoid links that are just `here` or other contextual words I think, imagine you didn't read the sentence before, does the link still make sense on its own then

Author: oooh gotcha gotcha
